hi Rosie friends its Julie and today I'm
going to talk about three creams that I
recently got my hands on and that I'm
absolutely in love with super excited
about these and especially because they
come from my all-time favorite skincare
brand that you're hearing more and more
this is not a sponsored video but these
are products from SBT sea buckthorn
there are three creams that they have
that are not for the face because if
you've seen my videos then you know that
I use a lot of their products on my face
but these ones are for the rest of me
and two of these I've been using for
some time now but one of them I've just
tried for the first time recently and
I'm super super glad that I have because
it has made a really big difference to
me but I thought because svt sea
buckthorn has recently relaunched this
entire line of creams and they have done
it at a reduced price at a drastically
reduced price then I would this would be
a really good time for me to just do the
video talk about my experience with all
of them on this size this is the 118
milliliter bottles they have reduced the
price by $8 so this isn't just a little
bit of Humphrey launch at a new price
it's a pretty significant one and it's
made it a lot easier for me to be able
to replace it on a regular basis if
you've seen in one of my previous videos
and I know I also spoke about it in one
of my blog posts where I did the whole
rundown of all the things that I do on
mostly on Saturday nights when I just
really take the time to relax and do
everything for my skin just do like an
exfoliation the cleansing and the
moisturizing and the relaxing and the
whole shebang you saw me talk about the
body cream which I bought used to buy in
these little teensy bottles these are
the little sixty milliliter ones because
they were product that I bought
basically as a luxury item now I can get
them at a much larger size and use it
much more regularly which is super
exciting to me because I absolutely
adore this pro to start off with the
body cream which I have talked about
before this is the label here this is a
vegan product it contains only natural
ingredients SBT sea buckthorn sea
buckthorn seed
there the SBT seabuckthorn fruit oil as
well it says that SBT body cream is a
hydrating healing cream recommended for
use after your shower or bath give your
body a gentle softening skin treatment
the healing and moisturizing effect of
this cream will give your skin an
all-over healthy glow it has a very
luxurious feel to it but it doesn't
leave that kind of slimy feel or
anything on your skin it really feels
quite soothing at the same time that it
feels like it absorbs really quickly and
it doesn't have a scent which I really
appreciate because one my skin normally
reacts to fragrances when their chemical
fragrances but two I usually use this
before bed after I shower so I would
really prefer to use a product that
doesn't come with a scent that I'm going
to have to deal with while I'm trying to
sleep because I'm also very sensitive
just to the smell of fragrances I can
get headaches and the whole shebang I'm
just a lot of fun to be around what can
I say but yep so I really like this
product for just for overall especially
at the end of the night moisturizing
after shower and relaxing but this has
always been my special go-to product
when I'm doing something luxurious for
my skin or when I really want to have
that sort of spa feel this is where I go
next another product that I've been
using for quite some time and I have
been buying it in the larger sizes so I
am so happy that it's now been
relaunched at a lower price become it is
the hand cream this one contains sea
buckthorn fruit and seed oil as well
except that it is slightly different
than the body cream actually I'll show
you what they look like so this is the
body cream wait for my that's the body
cream it's just very very very slightly
tinted yellow it's pretty much white but
it's kind of a creamy color if you wanna
call it that
so it just rubs right in its absolutely
luxurious just super love it and it
doesn't leave anything greasy behind if
I could snap on my left hand then I
would do head but I can only do it on my
right hand but um yep so it runs right
in it with absolutely no problems it
doesn't have any scent at all and the
hand cream on the other hand is much
yellower in color and it's not quite as
thick
see if I can there we go
and it has a bit of a citrusy kind of
smell I think I tried to do some
research online and I think one of the
ingredients is Mei Chang oil I think it
might be that one but I could be
completely wrong there and I think that
was the one that I looked up and I saw
that it that was the one actually has a
smell because these are fragrance free
they don't have chemical fragrances in
them or anything but this definitely you
can smell it and it has it's not quite
lemony it's not quite a lemon smell but
it's something in that category I'm not
exactly sure but yes but it is a really
rich frame to rub into your hands and
you don't need very much and this is
basically what gets my hands through the
winter that is a wonderful cream I
absolutely love it I've talked to other
people who absolutely love it I've even
used it on my singing too which is not
what it's for but in the winter time
absolutely lovely it's not what it's
meant for but it is really gorgeous for
hands and so in the summertime if you do
gardening or anything that's rough on
your hands that feels great afterward
and in the winter time basically at all
moments of the day and night it feels
fantastic on hands and I have very very
very dry skin and this is just wonderful
for overcoming that and finally this is
the one that was new to me I was so
excited about getting this in my latest
package when I got the other ones and
I'm really happy that this has been
relaunched as well with the rest of them
this is the SBT sea buckthorn after Sun
cream I have been meaning to try this
for I can't even tell you how long I
have really been meaning to get my hands
on this because as you know if you've
been watching my videos and you've seen
my son Kerr get videos or my after son
videos I find that it's important both
to protect yourself against the Sun and
to treat your skin properly after you've
been in the Sun and after I've been in
the Sun I have a really rough time even
if I've done everything with like the
big hats and I've covered up and worn
lots of sunscreen and everything because
my scent skin really reacts to sunlight
exposure so basically after I've been on
the Sun it is the time for me to really
rehydrate and
to get the sunscreen off because I will
react to sunscreen if I wear that too
long so wash that off basically as fast
as possible and get something like this
on and I've tried other brands before of
after Sun creams and normally they're
quite oily because you need a lot more
hydration after you've been in the Sun
anyway but I I'm not really wild about
that you know when you reach for the
doorknob and you can't turn it because
your hands are so slimy I'm not really
wild about that especially I just I
don't fit so much I'm constantly typing
or using my phone or just doing whatever
and I don't like having slimy hands this
doesn't do that but this provides so
much relief after Oly after you've been
in the Sun and I'll show you so this is
about halfway between the body cream and
the hand cream in terms of color and it
does not have any scent at all that I
can detect but it just rubs right into
the skin and I don't know if this is
something that I just have in my head or
if this is actually happening but my
skin feels cooler after I put it on and
it feels cooler in a way that even the
body cream doesn't do that the body
cream is lovely and is luxurious and
it's hydrating definitely but when I put
on the after Sun cream my skin stops
having that tingly feeling that it gets
from being exposed to some it's not but
it feels like it's burning but it just
it feels hot in some way that I can't
really describe this takes that away
right away in fact when I just I haven't
been in the Sun in hours and I just put
that on my arm just now and I can feel
the difference in the coolness of my
skin that I don't feel on this side
where I just applied all the other
creams this is going to be my go-to
basically for the daytime all throughout
the summer as soon as I come in from the
Sun I'm going to be putting this on just
as a regular application everywhere that
I want to keep hydrated after I've
washed off my sunscreen I'm so impressed
with this as I said it doesn't have a
smell it says we're after Sun cream
cools calms repairs and hydrate skin
that has been overexposed plant omegas
carotenoids and vitamin E also help to
nourish and protect skin as it heals
apply to skin after some exposure to
reduce redness pain and peeling
for me any sun exposure is kind of too
much I can burn start burning at around
10 minutes and then if you've been
watching my videos you know that I
experienced some poisoning not too long
ago despite all of my efforts stay out
of the Sun I just don't react well to
exposure to UV light I guess this is
just it's a wonderful product as I said
I am just so in love with this this is
not a sponsored video as I've already
said before I am NOT being paid to say
this but I just I like this so much that
I want to show my my genuine enthusiasm
in case anybody else struggles in the
same way that I do if you've been in the
Sun a lot if you react to the Sun or if
you just want to make sure that you're
treating your skin right after you have
been outside then this is a lovely
product I'm just so excited about this
right from the very first application I
could tell that this made a difference
this is my sort of top find over the
last little while and that's why I'm so
excited about it I do absolutely love
these other creams but this one is the
one that I'm so excited about this
summer especially as I put place more of
a focus on after Sun care as well as
before Sun care oh the last thing that I
did want to say about this one about
this particular product and I think that
is very interesting considering that it
is being sold as an after Sun product
apparently Russian cosmonauts actually
have been sent to space with sea
buckthorn based products or because when
you're in space the Earth's atmosphere
isn't filtering out a lot of the extra
rays from the Sun so you have a lot more
radiation exposure well they were
actually given products that have sea
buckthorn in them to help to break their
skin and repair damage that was done
from the radiation that way so it makes
sense that down here on earth those of
us who get a lot less Sun but who would
also like to treat our skin well after
we have had we have been overexposed
with you something like this so it does
actually makes sense of these
ingredients are in here so these are the
three creams that SPT sea buckthorn has
relaunched they are now more affordable
than they were when I talked about them
originally well all of them except the
after the Sun because this is the first
time I've talked about it but yeah so I
just thought that I would share that
because this is super exciting for me
and it is a regular part of my skincare
from about here down
and I thought it might be interesting to
you to because a lot of you have
expressed interest in the brand as well
so I hope you did like this video I hope
you found it informative I hope you
found it entertaining if you did like
this video please give it a thumbs up
and if you want to see more videos like
this where I talk about all the products
that I found or I test out new products
and things like that I hope you'll
subscribe to my channel I make new
videos every Sunday and most Thursdays
and up as Matt I'll see you next time
[Music]